hello you channel elena want you
show right jungle on the beach
Ocean Tolokonnikov here is a house and
stole it searched when a hummingbird flew
little birds the most world now they
flew here so green so all
stormy beautiful just scream and we
Now we go along the path and below is splashing
the ocean is very big today
the tide is very much like that walking the people
descends teacher seagull yelling right
what it is what a beauty
Today we are for March 4th wonderful
the day here is such a house will be over
second house
and the seagulls are spinning then they are not looking for
yes a lot of such a strong right
low tide the road goes there yes that's the area
bad cop and then there's bad
Shore sandy food here can be reached by
fifth curve
from the city center minus 20-25 minutes
about the way the bench can be
visit if you are flippers but here we are
tired while we go to harry at home too
as in Italy there are people there small
lead completely bottom out what a beauty
here I have never seen such a low tide
very beautiful
well everybody is taking pictures of it is burning
right palaces that dracula
now we take a closer look I don't know
how far can we go so i think
that we cannot go far
I wanted to show at home I will try on
bringing them a little bit to prove these
palaces
right over there at the palace something January right there
at home it will be yes yes yes and happiness yes I
I will reduce a little
to
these 20 are bad
here is one of the most beautiful places
san diego fuck shackles
Well, how can you not fall in love with a diet of everything
beauty she is so beautiful here a
and here we live in this paradise
and down
here is cool here is a special chain
stretched to the people out
and whom we saw here and then they say
there is no eating but it turns out there is
walking copy
but like that one and we have some kind
beautiful to she she is in english only
says meow meow need to say yes what
Beauty which Riki Riki species but
general we can not explain to her
because she speaks English
in Russian do not understand
she probably lives here most likely
from lying all here is dirty
the path there to the house she probably
there must go home yes incredible
height beauty yes she shot here such
descent down take to exactly the people so
ask there probably I went Gleb hell scrip
get off this house
this gur technique
Well, you burn on the bridge, let's see
you see the house is so big
window you're so neat
neatly we go to the window and the people live
and any with the ocean and what is this blue
would become
here they put something here
interesting some sticks stick out yes
probably trees me is something trees
no 2 where are there trees well yes countries
actually
Well , something we grow on the bridge
left themselves and at this place were not yet
also need so all in the blue pillars and here
houses are such a panorama of the whole house
palaces
Kolba got there and palm trees grow
where you want on what they grow right above to
to myself
cool therefore
say it
here it is
well yes probably there probably was wor
here before 10 could arrive
here you can go for a walk
a very nice place to walk birds
sing yes it's a huge nato palace look
he goes there and there she works
still going we'll see what's next
our men are made they have left
tired women we have more hardy not
take offense if this man is watching
probably a man too bad spill
but ours are not from our steel of strength on
small bench
and we went even here on this path if
you can probably go
on foot to la hoya
short she avenue go out yeah what really
Elena was with you I think you already have this
tired of the path and I'll go on it further
see you soon